DPF 25R2: update the getting started section (#222)
ansys/DevRelDocs: 2025R2/dpf-framework-25-r2/getting-started/configuration.md

> # Configuration

Reviewer: @PProfizi : To ensure consistency in titles in this section.

# Configure(ing) DPF
# Install(ing) DPF
# Set(ting) up DPF licensing 

Or
# Configuration
# Installation
# Licensing

> This page describes how to configure your DPF installation and manage the list of plugins loaded by default.
> 
> It also describes how to configure the loading environment of each plugin.
> 
> Both are managed with XML files present in the DPF installation.
> 
> Each XML file contains the configuration content for both operating systems.

Author: ```suggestion
This page covers the main configuration requirements for your DPF installation:
- Managing plugins: Configure your installation and control the list of plugins loaded by default.
- Setting plugin environments: Define the loading environment for each plugin individually.

Both configurations are handled through XML files included in the DPF installation.

Each XML file contains the configuration content for both operating systems.
```

They are located alongside the **.dll** file on Windows or **.so** file on Linux of their associated plugin.

> **CAUTION**:
> To ensure that DPF operates correctly, modify these XML files carefully.
> All paths specified in these XML files must adhere to the path
> conventions of the respective operating system:
> - for Linux paths, use forward slashes (/).
> - for Windows paths, use double backward slashes (\\).

## Configure your DPF installation

> The **DataProcessingCore.xml** file contains the configuration related to the plugins loaded by default, plugin search, and environement setup.

Reviewer: environment
